src/globalValueSets/Country.globalValueSet
src/globalValueSets/Industry.globalValueSet
src/globalValueSets/Sector.globalValueSet
src/globalValueSets/Sub_Sector.globalValueSet
src/classes/ps_enhanced_controller.cls
src/classes/Profile_Controller.cls
src/flexipages/CRM_Home_Page.flexipage
src/flexipages/Case_Participation_LPL.flexipage
src/flexipages/Case_Record_Page.flexipage
src/flexipages/ITA_CRM_Lightning_Page.flexipage
src/flexipages/Organization_Record_Page.flexipage
src/flexipages/Taxonomy_Tagging_Default.flexipage
src/flexipages/WIN_Locked_LPL.flexipage
src/flexipages/WIN_Open_LPL.flexipage
src/layouts/Account-Account Layout.layout
src/layouts/Account-ITA CRM Law Firm.layout
src/layouts/Account-ITA CRM Organization.layout
src/layouts/Account-Individual Account.layout
src/layouts/Account-Partner Account Layout.layout
src/layouts/Case-Advocacy Cases.layout
src/layouts/Case-Case Layout.layout
src/layouts/Case-Commercial Diplomacy Cases.layout
src/layouts/Case-Export Promotion Cases.layout
src/layouts/Case-Feedback.layout
src/layouts/Case-Investment Promotion Cases.layout
src/layouts/Case-Lead Generation.layout
src/layouts/Case-PA Case Create layout.layout
src/layouts/Case-PS Assistance Layout.layout
src/layouts/Case-PS Web Case.layout
src/layouts/Case-Privacy Shield.layout
src/layouts/Case-Record Type Holder Layout.layout
src/layouts/Case-Salesforce Support Case Layout.layout
src/layouts/Case-Toolkit Application Case.layout
src/layouts/Lead-Lead Layout.layout
src/layouts/Lead-Partner Lead Layout.layout
src/layouts/Participation__c-Participation Layout.layout
src/layouts/Taxonomy_Tagging__c-Country.layout
src/layouts/Taxonomy_Tagging__c-Industry.layout
src/layouts/Taxonomy_Tagging__c-Taxonomy Tagging Layout.layout
src/layouts/Taxonomy_Tagging__c-Trade Issue.layout
src/layouts/Taxonomy_Tagging__c-Trade Region.layout
src/layouts/WIN__c-Advocacy Locked Layout.layout
src/layouts/WIN__c-Advocacy Open.layout
src/layouts/WIN__c-Commercial Diplomacy Locked.layout
src/layouts/WIN__c-Commercial Diplomacy Open.layout
src/layouts/WIN__c-Export Promo Locked.layout
src/layouts/WIN__c-Export Promo Open.layout
src/layouts/WIN__c-Investment Promotion Locked.layout
src/layouts/WIN__c-Investment Promotion Open.layout
src/layouts/WIN__c-WIN Layout.layout
src/layouts/WIN__c-WIN User Layout.layout
src/objectTranslations/Case-en_US.objectTranslation
src/objectTranslations/Industry__c-en_US.objectTranslation
src/objectTranslations/RelatedCountries__c-en_US.objectTranslation
src/objectTranslations/Taxonomy_Tagging__c-en_US.objectTranslation
src/objects/Industry__c.object
src/objects/RelatedCountries__c.object
src/objects/Taxonomy_Tagging__c.object
src/quickActions/Case.New_Trade_Issue.quickAction
src/reportTypes/Applications_and_Taxonomy.reportType
src/reportTypes/Cases_and_Taxonomy_Tagging.reportType
src/tabs/Taxonomy_Tagging__c.tab
