src/applications/API_Partners.app
src/applications/Forms_App.app
src/applications/Forms_App_Lightning.app
src/applications/ITA_CRM_Lightning.app
src/applications/New_To_Market_Lightning.app
src/applications/Participation_Console.app
src/applications/Participation_Lightning.app
src/applications/Payment_Manager.app
src/applications/eCommerce.app
src/applications/standard__Community.app
src/applications/standard__Marketing.app
src/applications/standard__Service.app
src/flexipages/Admin_Payment_Record_Page.flexipage
src/flexipages/Application_LPL_PS.flexipage
src/flexipages/Application_LPL_Toolkit.flexipage
src/flexipages/CRM_Home_Page.flexipage
src/flexipages/Case_Participation_LPL.flexipage
src/flexipages/Case_Record_Page.flexipage
src/flexipages/Contact_LPL.flexipage
src/flexipages/Forms_Lightning_App_UtilityBar.flexipage
src/flexipages/ITA_CRM_Lightning_UtilityBar.flexipage
src/flexipages/Lead_LPL.flexipage
src/flexipages/LightningInstrumentation_UtilityBar.flexipage
src/flexipages/New_To_Market_App_UtilityBar.flexipage
src/flexipages/Organization_Record_Page.flexipage
src/flexipages/Participation_Console_UtilityBar.flexipage
src/flexipages/Participation_Lightning_App_UtilityBar.flexipage
src/flexipages/Payment_Manager_UtilityBar.flexipage
src/flexipages/WIN_Locked_LPL.flexipage
src/flexipages/WIN_Open_LPL.flexipage
src/layouts/Account-Account Layout.layout
src/layouts/Artifact__c-Artifact Layout.layout
src/layouts/Asset-Asset Layout.layout
src/layouts/Case-Advocacy Cases.layout
src/layouts/Case-Commercial Diplomacy Cases.layout
src/layouts/Case-Export Promotion Cases.layout
src/layouts/Case-Investment Promotion Cases.layout
src/layouts/Case-Privacy Shield.layout
src/layouts/Case-Salesforce Support Case Layout.layout
src/layouts/Case-Toolkit Application Case.layout
src/layouts/Case-Toolkit Support Case Layout.layout
src/layouts/Contact-Partner Contact Layout.layout
src/layouts/Contract-Contract Layout.layout
src/layouts/Opportunity-Data Customer Layout.layout
src/layouts/Opportunity-Data Partner Layout.layout
src/layouts/Opportunity-Opportunity Layout.layout
src/layouts/Participation__c-NextGen Toolkit Layout.layout
src/layouts/Task-Task Layout.layout
src/layouts/WIN__c-Advocacy Locked Layout.layout
src/layouts/WIN__c-Advocacy Open.layout
src/layouts/WIN__c-Commercial Diplomacy Locked.layout
src/layouts/WIN__c-Commercial Diplomacy Open.layout
src/layouts/WIN__c-Export Promo Locked.layout
src/layouts/WIN__c-Export Promo Open.layout
src/layouts/WIN__c-Investment Promotion Locked.layout
src/layouts/WIN__c-Investment Promotion Open.layout
src/layouts/WIN__c-WIN Layout.layout
src/layouts/WIN__c-WIN User Layout.layout
src/objectTranslations/Case-en_US.objectTranslation
src/objectTranslations/WIN__c-en_US.objectTranslation
src/objects/Artifact__c.object
src/objects/Case_Contributor__c.object
src/objects/Covered_Entity__c.object
src/objects/WIN_Contributor__c.object
src/quickActions/Case.Add_Contributor.quickAction
src/quickActions/Case.Add_Country.quickAction
src/quickActions/Case.Add_Industry.quickAction
src/quickActions/WIN__c.Add_Industry.quickAction
src/remoteSiteSettings/NAMUpdatePageLayout.remoteSite

